the year 1996 the company the game
just flick out the market and more or
less than the first division of pokemon
Red and green
apparently police reports indicate
that during the summer months of that
the same year they gave a whopping 104
cases of suicide among girls from 7 to 12
years
in all cases the
why parents behave
they claimed that their children were
hooked to the game were analyzed
several of its cartridges and in all the
internal memory of the game placed the
last state of the player in town the
band
the symptoms suffered by children
prior to the suicide they seemed to be
induced by music that sounded like
enter the band town
apparently the melody had some picks
of tonal intensity that only children
pre pubes can hear the
combination of strident sounds and
overwhelming produced in the players
strong headaches or even
migraines accompanied by insomnia
the next state that was suffering was and
reactivity accompanied by insomnia
addiction to gambling and in many cases
nose bleeding finally the
affected suffered nausea and vomiting an
very strong depression something pretty weird
in children of this age
it was that loss of attachment to life and
this discomfort what led to many
children to suicide without form game of the
supposed effects produced by this
music they corrected the melody in
following versions of the game included
the red and blue version of europe and usa
that we all know
our melody is very similar to
seem only lacks an assumption
murmur that causes two melodies be
tonal in the original song
including the tones that we no longer
we can listen because of age